this story tells of a man who received a
call from his wife as if his wife was
very panicked and scared his wife also
asked him to come home from work
immediately without thinking the husband
went home to meet his wife and his son
when he arrived at his apartment the
husband was shocked when he saw his wife
sitting with her body shaking with fear
in front of her was a pudding that
turned out to be filled with cockroaches
realizing the ridiculous behavior of his
wife who called him home just because
she was afraid of cockroaches the
husband was very angry full of emotion
he decided to return to his office
leaving his wife still terrified but the
wife's fear was not caused by
cockroaches but by a monster hiding
under the table the monster looked at
her with a hungry look with dozens of
cockroaches crawling all over its body